---
layout: post
title: "GSoC-2"
modified:
categories: blog
excerpt:
tags: []
image:
feature:
date: 2016-06-24T12:05:00+05:30
---
Hello,  
This post continues my updates for my work on porting frontera to python2/3 dual support.  
The first coding phase is almost about to end, the task I had to accomplish during this part was Python 3 support for single
process mode. I have completed this task and will soon by making my pull requests. Firstly I had to make the syntactic changes
which don't actually change the codes operation, just changes syntax with the same effect. I did this using the modernize script
which uses the six library to make the code operational in both versions. After that I made some more syntactic changes which
the modernize script is unable to cover(things like changed class variable names etc). After these changes, the next step is
to define a precise data model about the type of strings(unicode or bytes) to be used in the API, and the necessary conversions
to be performed in different parts of the code. For this I have mostly followed the approach of using native strings(unicode in python 3 and bytes in python 2) everywhere.
After these changes I proceeded to make all the test cases work in both python 2 and 3. I was mostly succesful in this, apart from tests related
to the distributed mode(which I am yet to work on) and a pending url issue which hasn't yet been addressed.
Once I make the PR's I am sure I'll have to address a few more issues, but apart from that this part of my work is mostly done.
